Donation blog post (#680)
ropensci/roweb3: content/blog/2023-11-23-donation/index.en.md

---
slug: "donation-2023"

> title: "Empowering open science: Donate to support our mission"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Empowering Open Science: Donate to Support our Mission"
```

author: 'The rOpenSci Team'
date: '2023-11-23'
tags:
- community
featured: yes
description: rOpenSci is a nonprofit organization that is funded entirely by grants and donations. These collaborations enable us to sustain our projects and meet our goals.

---

rOpenSci is a nonprofit organization that is funded entirely by grants and donations. These collaborations enable us to sustain our projects and meet our goals.

> 

Reviewer: I suggest moving and combining some of the later paragraphs here. The sentence above alerts readers to what this is all about, and this section reminds them why rOpenSci has value, *then* we explain that this value requires resources.

(Note that I've made edits to the text I copied here as well)
```suggestion

Our projects are dedicated to establishing and upholding both technical and social infrastructure that supports open and reproducible science for all our members. This means our efforts must be sustainable, inclusive, and created collaboratively by and for all groups.

Each action taken by rOpenSci seeks to break down barriers to accessing knowledge in the drive to democratize access to quality resources. Examples are the [R-Universe](/r-universe/), the [Champions Program](/champions/), and the [publication of multilingual](/multilingual-publishing/) resources. We also strive to transform science by creating processes and building capacity to ensure software quality and good practices, for example, our ([statistical](/stat-software-review/)) [software peer review](/software-review/). 

```

> Sustaining an open project with a quality infrastructure that allows free access to the global and diverse community of R software users and research software developers and engineers requires different resources. Our organization's ongoing costs are supported by grants and donations from individuals and organizations that share our vision and mission.

Reviewer: This sounded a bit funny to me, like we're providing access to the community, rather than providing the community access to the infrastructure...

Also, assuming we rearrange the paragraphs, we could then start this paragraph a bit differently to link in.

```suggestion
However, sustaining an open project with quality infrastructure freely accessible to the global and diverse community of R software users, research software developers, and engineers requires many different resources. Our organization's ongoing costs are supported by grants and donations from individuals and organizations which share our vision and mission.
```

> These contributions enable us to keep our projects and infrastructure active and accessible to the community. Our projects are dedicated to establishing and upholding both technical and social infrastructure that supports open and reproducible science for all our members. This means our efforts must be sustainable, inclusive, and created collaboratively by and for all groups.

Reviewer: I would split this, half to stay here (see below comments), half to move up to the start.
```suggestion

```

> Each rOpenSci action seeks to break down barriers to access to knowledge one by one in the drive to democratize access to quality resources. Examples are the [R-Universe](/r-universe/), the [Champions Program](/champions/), or the [publication of multilingual](/multilingual-publishing/) resources. We also strive to transform science by creating processes and building capacity to ensure software quality and good practices, for example, our [statistical](/stat-software-review/) [software peer review](/software-review/). 

Reviewer: I think perhaps make this the second/third paragraph (after the first statement about rOpenSci being supported by donations etc.)

```suggestion
```

> By supporting us, you’re not just donating; you’re contributing to a community that’s breaking down barriers, creating opportunities, and shaping the future of open and reproducible science for everyone. Join us in this vital mission today!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These contributions enable us to keep our projects and infrastructure active and accessible to the community. 
By supporting us, you’re not just donating; you’re contributing to a community that’s breaking down barriers, creating opportunities, and shaping the future of open and reproducible science for everyone. Join us in this vital mission today!
```

## Being part of the community

> The concept of community gives meaning to the work of rOpenSci, and it is in this way that the projects are developed. Therefore, it is natural for us to look to the community to help us move forward.

Reviewer: Active voice I think it is a bit nicer?
```suggestion
The concept of community gives meaning to rOpenSci's work and it is within this framework that we develop projects. Therefore, it is natural for us to look to the community to help us move forward.
```

> Every little bit helps. That is why we invite you to collaborate with us or to share this information with all those people or organizations that may be interested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every little bit helps. That is why we invite you to collaborate with us or to share this information with any people or organizations that you think may be interested.

Thank you! 🙏🏼 
```

## Donate to rOpenSci 

rOpenSci is a project sponsored by NumFOCUS, a U.S. 501(c)(3) non-profit charitable organization.  

You can donate here: https://ropensci.org/donate/

> Thank you for helping us to keep rOpenSci active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for helping us to keep rOpenSci active!
```

---
slug: "donation-2023"
title: "Empowering Open Science: Donate to Support our Mission"
author: 'The rOpenSci Team'
date: '2023-11-23'
tags:
- community
featured: yes
description: rOpenSci is a nonprofit organization that is funded entirely by grants and donations. These collaborations enable us to sustain our projects and meet our goals.

---

> rOpenSci is a nonprofit organization that is funded entirely by grants and donations. These collaborations enable us to sustain our projects and meet our goals.

Author: ```suggestion
rOpenSci is a nonprofit organization that is funded entirely by grants and donations. These contributions enable us to keep our projects and infrastructure active and accessible to the community. 
```

Our projects are dedicated to establishing and upholding both technical and social infrastructure that supports open and reproducible science for all our members. This means our efforts must be sustainable, inclusive, and created collaboratively by and for all groups.

Each action taken by rOpenSci seeks to break down barriers to accessing knowledge in the drive to democratize access to quality resources. Examples are the [R-Universe](/r-universe/), the [Champions Program](/champions/), and the [publication of multilingual](/multilingual-publishing/) resources. We also strive to transform science by creating processes and building capacity to ensure software quality and good practices, for example, our ([statistical](/stat-software-review/)) [software peer review](/software-review/). 

> However, sustaining an open project with quality infrastructure freely accessible to the global and diverse community of R software users, research software developers, and engineers requires many different resources. Our organization's ongoing costs are supported by grants and donations from individuals and organizations which share our vision and mission.

Author: ```suggestion
Sustaining an open project with quality infrastructure freely accessible to the global and diverse community of R software users, research software developers, and engineers requires many different resources. Our organization's ongoing costs are supported by grants and donations from individuals and organizations which share our vision and mission.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> These contributions enable us to keep our projects and infrastructure active and accessible to the community. 

Author: ```suggestion

```

By supporting us, you’re not just donating; you’re contributing to a community that’s breaking down barriers, creating opportunities, and shaping the future of open and reproducible science for everyone. Join us in this vital mission today!

## Being part of the community

The concept of community gives meaning to rOpenSci's work and it is within this framework that we develop projects. Therefore, it is natural for us to look to the community to help us move forward.

> Every little bit helps. That is why we invite you to collaborate with us or to share this information with any people or organizations that you think may be interested.

Author: ```suggestion
Every little bit helps. That is why we invite you to collaborate with us or to share this information with any people or organizations that you think may be interested.  

You can also support us by participating in our projects and activities.  Check out our [Contributing Guide](https://contributing.ropensci.org/) which covers all the ways you can get more involved with rOpenSci and how you may benefit. 😄 
```

> Thank you! 🙏🏼 

Author: ```suggestion

```

## Donate to rOpenSci 

rOpenSci is a project sponsored by NumFOCUS, a U.S. 501(c)(3) non-profit charitable organization.  

You can donate here: https://ropensci.org/donate/

> Thank you for helping us to keep rOpenSci active!

Author: ```suggestion
Thank you for helping us to keep rOpenSci active! 🙏 
```
